In the previous video, we already configure
router 1.
Now in this video we are going to configure router 2.
Let’s just start.
Let’s configure fa0/1 first, enable, configure
terminal, go to interface fa0/1, no shutdown,
and then the ip address is 10.10.10.2 255.255.255.252.
Next let’s configure for fa0/0, interface
fa0/0, no shutdown, ip address 192.168.1.1
255.255.255.0.
Okay we have done on router 2, this is very
simple.
On the switch, we don’t need to configure
anything.
Next let’s configure the ip address on all
servers.
Let’s change the name first, this is server 1,
this is server 2, and this is server 3.
Let’s configure the ip address, this is
server 1, the ip address is 192.168.1.10,
and the gateway is 192.168.1.1.
Server 2, the ip address is 192.168.1.20, and
the gateway is 192.168.1.1.
Server 3, the ip address is 192.168.1.30, and
Okay so now we have done configuring ip address
in router 1 and router 2.
Now we just need to configure routing so all
pc will able to communicate with all servers.
I think enough for this video, in the next
video, we are going to configure routing on
router 1 and router 2.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next
video.